You're watching
The Last Man On Earth.
We were known as KWA,
Knitters with Attitude.
Catch all-new episodes Sunday.
And check out
our other Fox programs--
Brooklyn Nine-Nine,
The Grinder and Grandfathered.
I'm a grand--
I'm a grandfather?
Only on Fox.
Previously on
The Last Man on Earth...
Phil, I'm having
a friggin' baby!
You have a nice day, you hear?
TODD:
Melissa and I just broke up.
Looks like it's just
you and me, bud.
All right, everyone,
I ho-ho-hope you're in
the holiday spirit. (chuckles)
As you can see, I've been doing
a little bit of decorating.
Not quite done yet.
Don't judge it.
Wait, there's gonna be more?
(laughs):
Oh, yeah.
What you're looking at
is the decoration version
of Bruce Banner.
But someone just
made him very angry.
And over the next few days,
he's about to become
the Christmas Hulk!
What do you think so far?
I think it's like Santa ate
the Rockefeller Christmas Tree
and then took a big dump
on the walls.
Gail...
thank you.
Of course, I didn't
do it all by myself.
Christmas helper!
Who, me?
(laughter)
♪ Oh, Tandybaum, oh, Tandybaum ♪
♪ How faithful
are your branches. ♪
(chuckles)
Merry Christmas.
Okay, who's ready
for some Secret Santa?
Yeah! Come on.
All right, now,
in this Kris Kringle chapeau
is the name of everyone
in the group.
So, draw a name, and under
absolutely no circumstances
are you to share it with anyone.
TANDY:
Oh, hey, Phil!
Just in time.
We're doing Secret Santa.
Want to come
pick a name?
Um...
Okay, sure, yeah.
All right.
(Carol gasps)
All right, now commit
the name to memory.
Roll up your papers.
Put 'em in your mouth
and swallow it.
Seriously?
Did I stutter, Melissa?
Eat your goldarn papers!
It's just rice paper, guys.
It's no big deal.
Don't be babies about it.
Full disclosure--
it wasn't rice paper.
(groans)
Carol!
Of course.
All right, you guys,
let's do this!
Off and running.
Whoever got me,
I'd like to request
Jimmy Choo thigh-high boots,
size six and a half.
And I would like that
stricken from the record!
Melissa, it's Secret Santa,
not Live-Out-Loud Santa.
Hey, billion-dollar
spending limit, please!
And watch out
for the strings outside!
That was, like,
the literal version
of The Nightmare
Before Christmas.
Well, at least we have a little
undecorated oasis in here.
Wuh-oh, this room's
looking a little naked!
Carol, enough is enough.
Even gorillas don't
have hair on their nipples.
Yeah, but I bet
they wish they did.
(sighs)
Hey, everybody.
Gail, hey.
I was just gonna go shopping.
Oh, you're going shopping?
I was going shopping, too.
That's-that's so funny.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go
someplace different.
Me, too.
Hey, you guys, you know,
I was thinking,
in the spirit of Christmas,
maybe we should let Phil
move back into the house.
I mean, he seems like
he's really sorry.
No, absolutely not.
Well, Gail, it's kind of
Erica's call, isn't it?
Fine, whatever.
Hot dog!
I'm gonna go tell him the news.
(jingling)
Yuletide greetings, braheem.
Ah, Santa's here
early this year,
and he's got two huge lumps
in his big old Christmas sack.
Hi, Tandy.
So, gift number one--
Santa would like
to formally invite you
to move back into the house.
Oh.
Yeah, that's right.
That's cool.
And gift number two--
stick out your hand.
What?
Come on, I want
that hand stuck out
and I want it stuck out now.
What?
Really?
Hey, you dropped
your Christmas present.
Oh, God.
Check this out. Okay, hang on.
Hang on.
It's Erica's name.
I was a naughty little boy
and I didn't swallow my paper.
(chuckles)
Don't tell Santa, okay?
But I want you to have it.
Okay.
And, uh, whose name did you get?
Yours.
Aw!
I'm sure you would've gotten me
something very personal.
Hey, you know what?
The look on your face
when I gave you Erica's name?
That's all I need.
All right.
"Oh, thank you
for your help, Tandy."
"Oh, no, no, no,
no worries, Phil.
No, no, no, you don't even
have to thank me."
"Oh, no, no, Tandy,
I would never dream
of not thanking you."
Try to help someone.
He just doesn't get it.
Friggin' turd.
(scoffs)
I see you looking at me, Terry.
Yeah, judging me, right?
Think I'm a big
disappointment, huh?
Big loser?
Well, you try it--
living in a pod for three years
with nothing but a bunch
of worms, huh?
Or-or you try watching
all your loved ones die
from 200 miles up in space.
How do you think
that'd make you feel, huh?
Huh, Terry?
Hmm? What?
Nothing?
You got nothing to say, huh?
Oh, no, of course not.
Of course not, no, that's right.
'Cause you're just a worm.
Just a stupid little
useless worm,
who eats his own turds.
Yeah.
What the hell?
CAROL:
I call it Frosty's lair.
It's where Frosty
comes to think.
Do you love it?
It's just...
Thank you.
(chuckles)
Now...
I've got a bone
to pick with you.
Do you know why
we do Secret Santa?
For the presents?
No, Melissa.
We do it for
the surprises.
In Secret Santa, you can't know
what you're going to get.
Yes, it's scary.
And, yes, it's reckless.
You are on a high-wire act
without a net, sister.
And there's no sexy fireman
to catch you when you fall.
But you know what?
That's what makes
you feel alive.
So, no jibber-jabber
about who wants what
and who's getting this.
Not even with Todd.
Todd and I broke up.
What?!
Did lovemaking
become a chore?
No, it just,
it wasn't working out.
We want different things.
Come here,
you little Vixen.
The reindeer,
not the whore.
(both chuckle)
Oh, Carol, really,
it's fine.
Thank you, though.
Honestly, I'm more
worried about Todd.
Hey, everybody, look.
I'm not one for speeches.
I-I just want to
say I'm grateful
to be back.
And-and there's
one person
in particular I want to thank.
Uh, someone who never
gave up on me.
Um, he had it
rough with me.
'Cause I've been stubborn.
He deserves all the credit.
Because without him,
I wouldn't be here with you.
So, I-I just want to say thanks.
Thank you, God.
(laughs)
Yes!
Amen!
Praise his name!
Praise the Lord, yes!
♪ This little light of mine ♪
OTHERS:
♪ I'm gonna let it shine ♪
♪ This little light of mine ♪
(laughs)
♪ I'm gonna let it shine. ♪
(whoops)
(knocks)
Phil? Hey, there.
Just wanted to say
that was a great speech.
You know, truly inspiring,
TED-quality.
Um, didn't know
you were so into God.
Well, I... I am.
(laughs)
Same here. Praise him.
But, y-you know,
it's funny.
'Cause you mentioning God
kind of reminded me
of that poem,
you know, about the footprints
in the sand.
And for some reason,
that reminded me
of my footprints in the sand.
You know, the other night,
when, uh,
I was, uh, dragging you
and, uh, saving
your life and such.
What are you doing here, Tandy?
I'm here to save
your life again.
Ah, what are you doing?!
You got to catch that!
It's the friggin'
Hope Diamond, dude.
Whoa.
Why don't you give
that little puppy to Erica?
Yeah, well, I already have
a present for her.
Trust me, she'll love this.
This will win her back.
Just, please, Phil,
Phil, please.
Fine.
Hey, thank you.
You're welcome.
"You're welcome"?
Oh, he friggin'
flipped it on me.
(groans)
(sighs)
Terry?
I'm sorry
for my behavior earlier.
That was...
(chuckles)
Oh, I was just
in a bad place, man.
And I... I took it out on you.
And that's... that's not cool.
You deserve better than that.
You don't treat family that way.
Hell, you're
the only family I got.
I love you, bud.
Hey.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
CAROL:
Secret Santa!
You all ready for gifts?
(humming "Get Ready for This"
loudly)
What do you say
we start Secret Santa
(Australian accent):
down under?!
(clicks tongue)
Erica, you're up.
Carol...
(gasps)
I drew your name.
No! Wow!
Yeah.
(laughs)
Cool.
Whoa, Erica!
A chair!
I love it!
It's just what I wanted!
Look at this-- I can sit in it!
(humming)
And I can put things
on it or in it!
(gasps) I know exactly
where I'm gonna put it.
In my sitting room.
It's not just any chair.
Shut the front door!
There's more to this chair?
This chair is from
Oprah's studio audience!
No way!
Shut all the doors
in the house, Erica!
Carol Pilbasian,
look under your chair...!
(screams)
What is it?!
What is it?! Oh, my...
(panting)
(gasps)
It's J.Lo's green dress.
It is J.Lo's green dress.
I love it!
I know you do!
I'm gonna try it on.
Okay.
Todd, you're up!
All right.
Okay, uh, my gift is
for someone special.
Gail.
What, you know, not too special,
just normal special.
Uh, uh, scratch that.
Not special, really, at all.
Just, uh, human celery.
Uh, I'm getting
off track here.
My gift's outside.
You know, whatever.
Todd!
(laughs)
You didn't!
Is that the actual ZZ Top car?
The Eliminator herself.
Oh, my God, I...
Well, put her there, bub.
Thank you, friend.
Bub, this was
a wonderful transaction.
Thank you.
(chuckles)
I love how Secret Santa puts
together the oddest pairs!
All right, Tandy, you're next.
Who'd you draw?
Carol, I drew myself.
What do you get the person
who has everything already, huh?
I can only think of one thing.
A friggin' yacht!
(all exclaiming)
I'd like to take a moment
to thank the previous owner,
the late Pitbull.
Rest in peace,
my literal dog.
Boom.
So, we can have
parties on there?
Well, it's gonna be
kind of hard to do that
after I do this.
(all gasping)
(laughing)
Merry Christmas!
Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!
(laughs)
Wait, where are
you guys going?
Melissa, I had you.
(squeals)
Aw!
(singsongy):
I wonder what these are.
(laughs)
You don't like them?
You know what, it's fine,
because I got you
the regular pair, too, so...
No, no, I-I want these.
You do?
I love them.
Thank you, Carol.
I love you.
And I love these...
(laughs):
crazy-ass boots.
I huffed so much glue
to make those.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I guess
I'll go next, then.
Todd, I had your name.
Oh.
I'll never forget
the story you told
about your high school prom
and how mean they were to you.
So I wanted you
to get a do-over.
Because if anyone deserves
to be prom king, it's you.
Oh. (chuckling)
You went and did...
Right?
Go...
Yeah.
It fits.
Scepter and crown.
That's great. That's... ah.
Merry Christmas.
No, yeah, merry Christmas.
Thank-Thanks, Melissa.
Thank you.
(sighs)
CAROL:
Wow, that is
a tough act to follow!
But if anyone can top it,
it's Gail.
Oh, uh, I drew Phil.
CAROL:
Amazing.
Let's see that gift!
Um, let's see.
I...
got you a wicker ball.
Merry Christmas.
Thank you.
CAROL:
Well, you know,
sometimes the greatest gifts
are right under our noses
the whole time.
Phil, you're up.
And I don't mean the
continent! (laughs)
(sighs)
Well, I guess
it's no mystery who I got.
Erica, I drew
your name.
Hope this one's not a bust.
(chuckles)
That's a pre-boom.
You'll get it on the flippity.
Well, my gift is
in the solar house, so...
I'd really like it if you guys
came and took a look.
This gift is a real gem.
Uh... never mind.
Well, I thought you might
want to see your baby.
Gail...
will you help me?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, man, this is so exciting.
♪ ♪
Well, there's your baby.
Yeah.
There it is.
Merry Christmas.
Hey, uh, Phil?
Don't you have anything else
to, uh, give to Erica there?
No, no, this is it.
(whispers):
Friggin' piece of crap.
(chuckles)
I know, I know.
(quiet chatter)
(sighs)
It was pretty amazing, huh?
Well, I mean,
it's no Hope Diamond.
(chuckles):
What?
I gave him the friggin'
Hope Diamond to give to her!
That's a $350 million
diamond, Carol.
He gives her this stupid piece
of medical equipment?
It's so cold and impersonal.
And I'll tell you this much.
I am done trying
to help this turd.
I set him up for the victory,
and he just tinkles on it.
I'm so done with him.
Just done. D...
Hey, Tandy? You want
to go get a drink?
I'd love to!
(chuckles)
(sighs)
Oh, let's get
out of here.
Okay, yes, yes.
(chuckles)
♪ Heedless of the wind
and weather ♪
♪ Fa la la la la ♪
♪ La la la la. ♪
Hey, guys. Sorry to interrupt.
I have something I want to say.
You know, all this
Secret Santa stuff has really
kind of worked on me.
I'm like,
I don't know,
feeling things. (chuckles)
Todd?
I know things haven't
been great between us.
We broke up
because we're different.
You're warm
and caring.
And you see the world
through rose-colored glasses.
And me, I'm...
I know I can be cold.
And negative.
And my glasses
are basically crap-colored.
But that's what made me
fall in love with you.
You know, the first thing
we ever bonded over
was The Shawshank Redemption.
"Get busy living
or get busy dying."
Busy dying, yeah.
And I've come to realize that
the only time I ever really feel
like I'm living
is when I'm with you.
So...
I'm just gonna come
right out and do this.
CAROL:
Oh,
my "G"!
Todd, will you marry me?
(groaning)
Oh, my God!
Phil?!
Phil? Phil?
TANDY: Phil?
(panting, groaning)
Oh, my God!
Phil?
Oh, Phil, Phil,
what is it?
♪ ♪
Captain Mike Miller,
signing off.
FEMALE VOICE:
Air lock engaging
in ten, nine,
eight, seven, six,
five, four,
Oh, my God.
three,
two,
one. Abort.
Abort failed.
CHILDREN:
Uncle Stinky.
(horn honking)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've just watched The Last Man
On Earth.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
(crowd cheering)
MAN:
This is American Idol!
(cheering continues)
Absolutely fantastic.
It's really about
dreams coming true.
-(screaming)
-♪ I'm going to
Hollywood ♪
MAN: Discover an idol
one last time.
♪ (chorus vocalizing)